lessons/3-MultipleEmailsToPhone.mdx, before:

---
title: Add multiple emails to mobile phone (Android)
author: Jodie
description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur. Pellentesque a quis mauris tempus tortor aliquet arcu eu. A mauris urna duis euismod.
lessonTime: 35 minutes
steps: 4
skillsLearned: "#skill1 #skill2 #skill3"
---

<LessonStep
   step="1" 
   title="ADD TITLE"
   description="Step description here."
   embedURL="https://www.youtube.com/embed/lE6RYpe9IT0?si=73rcqCe79hdufTfT"
/>

<LessonStep
  step="2"
  title="ADD TITLE"
  description="Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur. Pellentesque a quis mauris tempus tortor. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur. Pellentesque a quis mauris tempus tortor. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur. Pellentesque a quis mauris tempus tortor."
  embedURL="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ANOTHER_VIDEO_ID"
/>

<LessonStep
  step="3"
  title="ADD TITLE"
  description="Another step description here."
  embedURL="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ANOTHER_VIDEO_ID"
/>

<LessonStep
  step="4"
  title="ADD TITLE"
  description="Another step description here."
  embedURL="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ANOTHER_VIDEO_ID"
/>

Commit message:

Update lessons to match google template 3/25

lessons/3-MultipleEmailsToPhone.mdx, after:

---
title: Manage Multiple Email Accounts on your Android Phone
author: Jodie
description: Jodie presents an easy way to add multiple email accounts to your Android phone, streamlining your communication for school, business, or personal use. With her simple instructions, managing important messages becomes effortless, helping you stay organized and productive on the go.
lessonTime: 3 mins, 47 secs
steps: 4
skillsLearned: #Email #Android #Gmail #Google
---

<LessonStep
   step="1" 
   title="Email management for busy entrepreneurs"
   description="odie, a mom and business owner, explains how to add multiple email accounts using her Android 14 phone, making it easier to manage and prioritize personal and work emails in one place."
   embedURL="https://www.youtube.com/embed/-INGwXuS5b8?si=HbLWPvbbLgebukGl"
/>

<LessonStep
  step="2"
  title="Adding another email account to your phone"
  description="To add another email account to your Gmail app, open the app on your phone, locate the profile or first letter of your email in the top right corner, and select 'add another account' from the bottom of the list."
  embedURL="https://www.youtube.com/embed/FUB2T8q32Dw?si=EUD6mI4cJNmHvqgv"
/>

<LessonStep
  step="3"
  title="Steps to add your gmail account"
  description="Select Google from the email provider list, enter your credentials and new email, then agree to Google's terms to complete setup."
  embedURL="https://www.youtube.com/embed/9vtstlt1bMw?si=Urmb-YfeweaF0K-6"
/>

<LessonStep
  step="4"
  title="Verifying the new account"
  description="AVerify your credentials and check the setup by clicking the profile picture icon. You will find the new email listed in the list of email accounts."
  embedURL="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Buk6wsHs4zw?si=5mtKLZw3pUksm9Fh"
/>
